feat(docs): update section related to updating CLI (#2139)
react-native-community/cli: README.md

## Updating the CLI

> [!INFO]
> Please do it only if you need to. We don't recommend updating CLI independently of `react-native` as it may cause unexpected issues.

> React Native CLI is a dependency of `react-native`, which makes it a transitive dependency of your project. You can update CLI independently of `react-native` by specifying a version in your `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Native CLI is a dependency of `react-native`, which makes it a transitive dependency of your project. You can overwrite the version independently of `react-native` by using `resolutions` field in your `package.json`:
```

```json
{

>   "dependencies": {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "resolutions": {
```

    "@react-native-community/cli": "^11.3.5",

>     "@react-native-community/cli-platform-ios": "^11.3.5",

Reviewer: let's include all the CLI packages here. It would be hard for someone to figure out which packages depend on which. And replace exact version with a tag like `CUSTOM_VERSION`, so someone doesn't get tripped out by the versions here

Author: done!
